add config descriptions per user feedback (#4448)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_config-description-general.md

> General configurations provide broader operational settings applicable across multiple resources. These include enabling or disabling resources, tagging, database and schema specifications, and operational settings like pre-hooks and post-hooks. These can also be set in the project file, property file, or within the resource file.

Reviewer: Since not all resource types support database, schema, pre-hooks, etc, it might be easier to read without the exact examples, especially since the code example underneath the snippet shows the actual general configs supported by that particular resource type.

So maybe something shorter like this?
```suggestion
General configurations provide broader operational settings applicable across multiple resource types. Like resource-specific configurations, these can also be set in the project file, property files, or within resource-specific files.
```
